[Area 1] Retract settings PDF to markdown migration (#7016)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/email-security/email-configuration/retract-settings/gmail-retraction.md

5. Select **ENABLE APIS AND SERVICES** to open the API Library.

    ![Enable APIs and services](/email-security/static/email-retraction/gmail/step5-enable-apis.png)

6. You will need to enable the Admin SDK API and the Gmail API. On the API Library, locate the **Google Workspace** section. Then, select **View All** to access all the available APIs for Google Workspace.

    ![Find the View all link to access the Admin SDK API and Gmail API](/email-security/static/email-retraction/gmail/step6-api-library.png)

7. Select **Admin SDK API**.

    ![Select the SDK API](/email-security/static/email-retraction/gmail/step7-sdk-api.png)

8. Select **Enable** to activate the Admin SDK API.

    ![Select Enable to enable the SDK API](/email-security/static/email-retraction/gmail/step8-enable-sdk.png)

9. Return to the Google Workspace API library, and select the **Gmail API**.

    ![Select the Gmail API](/email-security/static/email-retraction/gmail/step9-gmail-api.png)

10. Select **ENABLE** to activate the Gmail API.

    ![Select Enable to enable the Gmail API](/email-security/static/email-retraction/gmail/step10-enable-gmail.png)

> 11. You will now need to create a service account to use the API. From the **Gmail API console**, select **Credentials**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. You will now create a service account to use the API. From the **Gmail API console**, select **Credentials**.
```

12. Select **CREATE CREDENTIALS** > **Service account**.

    ![Select Create credentials followed by Service account](/email-security/static/email-retraction/gmail/step12-credentials.png)

13. In **Service account details** provide the following information:
    - **Service account name**: `Message Retraction Service Account`
    - **Service account ID**: This value is automatically generated.
    - **Service account description**: A description for this service. For example, `Area 1 Message Retraction`

    Select **CREATE AND CONTINUE** when you are done.
 
    ![Provide the details to create the service account](/email-security/static/email-retraction/gmail/step13-service-account-details.png)

14. In **Grant this service account access to project**, select the **Select a role** drop-down menu. Then, select **Project** on the left column, and **Owner** on the right column.

    ![Find the project owner options, in the Grant this service account access to project section](/email-security/static/email-retraction/gmail/step14-project-owner.png)

15. Once the role is assigned, select **DONE** to complete the setup.

>     ![Select the Done button to complete the set up](/email-security/static/email-retraction/gmail/step15-complete-setup.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![Select the Done button to complete the setup](/email-security/static/email-retraction/gmail/step15-complete-setup.png)
```

> 16. Once the role assignment has been saved, you will be returned to the API credential configuration console. In **Service Accounts**, select the newly-created service account to configure the domain-wide delegation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
16. Once the role assignment has been saved, you will return to the API credential configuration console. In **Service Accounts**, select the newly-created service account to configure the domain-wide delegation.
```

2. Go to **Email Configuration** > **RETRACT SETTINGS** > **Authorize Gmail**.

    ![Go to Authorize Gmail in your Area 1 dashboard](/email-security/static/email-retraction/gmail/step2-authorize-gmail.png)

3. Select **New Authorization** and configure the following settings:
    - Select **AUTHORIZATION DATA (JWT)**, and find and upload your JSON private key.
    - Under **Domains**, specify which domain this private key belongs to.
    - Select **Save** to save the configuration.

    ![Select New authorization and configure its settings](/email-security/static/email-retraction/gmail/step3-private-key.png)

## 3. Configure auto-retraction actions in Area 1

{{<render file="_auto-retraction.md">}}

## 4. Adjust the hop count in Area 1

Since Area 1 is not configured as the MX record for your domains, you will need to adjust Area 1’s position (hop count) relative to Area 1’s position in the email processing order. 

1. Log in to the [Area 1 dashboard](https://horizon.area1security.com/), and select **Settings** (the gear icon).

2. Go to **Email Configuration** > **DOMAINS & ROUTING**.

> 3. Select the three-dots menu on the domain you want to verify the position, and then > **Edit**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the three-dots menu on the domain you want to verify the position, and then select **Edit**.
```

    ![Go to Domain to verify Area 1's hop position](/email-security/static/email-retraction/gmail/step3-hop-position.png)

4. For standalone Gmail only deployments, the value should be set to `2`. If it is not, adjust the **Hops** count to `2`, and select **Update Domain**.

    ![Go to Domain to verify Area 1's hop position](/email-security/static/email-retraction/gmail/step4-hops-count.png)

{{<Aside type="note">}}If you have an existing secure email gateway (SEG) deployed as the MX record, you will need to adjust the hop count accordingly.{{</Aside>}}

## 5. Configure BCC rule in Google Workspaces

> You must send copies of inbound email messages to Area 1 for inspection, in order for Area 1 to be able to automatically retract messages. Messages can be sent to Area 1 using a BCC compliance rule. Refer to the steps below to learn how to set this up. Automatic retraction is not available when Area 1 is deployed as MX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must send copies of inbound email messages to Area 1 for inspection, so that Area 1 can automatically retract messages. Messages can be sent to Area 1 using a BCC compliance rule. Refer to the steps below to learn how to set this up. Automatic retraction is not available when Area 1 is deployed as MX.
```
